subcontracts for the acquisition of commercial products or commercial services. (end of clause) 52.213-4 terms and conditions—simplified acquisitions (other than commercial products and commercial services) (oct 2025)

of award of this contract). (iv) 52.222-20, contracts for materials, supplies, articles, and equipment., contracts for materials, supplies, articles, and equipment (jun 2020) ( 41 u.s.c. chapter 65) (applies to supply

52.215-1 instructions to offerors--competitive acquisition (nov 2021) 53 section k - evaluation criteria award will be made to the lowest priced, acceptable, responsible quoter. the government reserves the

(2) if the provision at 52.204-7, system for award management, is not included in this solicitation, and the offeror has an active registration in the system for award management (sam), the offeror may choose to use paragraph (d) of this provision instead of completing the corresponding

individual representations and certifications in the solicitation. the offeror shall indicate which option applies by checking one of the following boxes: (i) □ paragraph (d) applies. (ii) □ paragraph (d) does not apply and the offeror has completed the individual representations and

(iii) 52.203-18, prohibition on contracting with entities that require certain internal confidentiality agreements or statements-representation. this provision applies to all solicitations. (iv) 52.204-3, taxpayer identification. this provision applies to solicitations that do not include the

(b) exceed the simplified acquisition threshold; and (c) are for contracts that will be performed in the united states or its outlying areas. 56 (vi) 52.204-26, covered telecommunications equipment or services-representation. this provision

to solicitations where the contract value is expected to exceed the simplified acquisition threshold. (ix) 52.209-11, representation by corporations regarding delinquent tax liability or a felony conviction under any federal law. this provision applies to all solicitations.

the united states or its outlying areas, or when the contracting officer has applied part 19 in accordance with 19.000(b)(1)(ii). (a) the basic provision applies when the solicitations are issued by other than dod, nasa, and the

its outlying areas, or when the contracting officer has applied part 19 in accordance with 19.000(b)(1)(ii). (xiv) 52.222-22, previous contracts and compliance reports. this provision applies to solicitations that

(xvi) 52.222-38, compliance with veterans’ employment reporting requirements. this provision applies to solicitations when it is anticipated the contract award will exceed the simplified acquisition threshold and the contract is not for acquisition of commercial products or commercial services.

clause at 52.223-2, reporting of biobased products under service and construction contracts. (xviii) 52.223-4, recovered material certification. this provision applies to solicitations that are for, or

and iii.) this provision applies to solicitations containing the clause at 52.225-3. (a) if the acquisition value is less than $50,000, the basic provision applies. (b) if the acquisition value is $50,000 or more but is less than $100,000, the provision with

__ (ii) 52.204-20, predecessor of offeror. __ (iii) 52.222-18, certification regarding knowledge of child labor for listed end products. __ (iv) 52.222-48, exemption from application of the service contract labor standards to contracts for

__ (vi) 52.227-6, royalty information. __ (a) basic. __ (b) alternate i. __ (vii) 52.227-15, representation of limited rights data and restricted computer software. (d) the offeror has completed the annual representations and certifications electronically in sam website

apply to this solicitation as indicated in paragraph (c) of this provision have been entered or updated within the last 12 months, are current, accurate, complete, and applicable to this solicitation (including the

equipment or services—representation, or in paragraph (v)(2)(i) of the provision at 52.212-3, offeror representations and certifications-commercial products or commercial services. the offeror shall not

government in the performance of any contract, subcontract or other contractual instrument resulting from this solicitation. the offeror shall provide the additional disclosure information required at

the contractor shall be responsible for any countermeasures or corrective action, within the scope of this contract, which may be required by the contracting officer as a result of such inspection. d.1 substantial completion

work shall not relieve the contractor of responsibility for complying with the terms of the contract. the government's possession or use upon substantial completion shall not be deemed an acceptance of any

officer when final completion of the work has been achieved, as indicated by written notice to the contractor. d.2.3 final inspection and tests. the contractor shall give the contracting officer at least

complete (with the exception of continuing obligations), the contracting officer shall issue to the contractor a notice of final acceptance and make final payment upon: • satisfactory completion of all required tests,

section e - deliveries and performance 52.211-10 commencement, prosecution, and completion of work (apr 1984) the contractor shall be required to: (a) commence work under this contract within ten (10) calendar days after the date the

contractor receives the notice to proceed, (b) prosecute the work diligently, and, (c) complete the entire work ready for use not later than forty-five (45) calendar days after commencing work. the time stated for completion shall include final cleanup of the premises.

be binding upon the contractor. the completion date is fixed and may be extended only by a written contract modification signed by the contracting officer. acceptance or approval of any schedule or revision thereof by the government shall not:

9 (1) extend the completion date or obligate the government to do so, (2) constitute acceptance or approval of any delay, or (3) excuse the contractor from or relieve the contractor of its obligation to maintain the

after receipt of the contractor's request for payment, and on the basis of an inspection of the work, the contracting officer shall make a determination as to the amount, which is then due. if the contracting

completion of the work within the contract time. this security shall also guarantee the correction of any defects after completion, the payment of all wages and other amounts payable by the contractor under its

the contractor shall comply with the more stringent of the requirements of such laws, regulations, and orders and of the contract. in the event of a conflict between the contract and such laws, regulations and

orders, the contractor shall promptly advise the contracting officer of the conflict and of the contractor's proposed course of action for resolution by the contracting officer.  14 g.4.1 the contractor shall comply with all local labor laws, regulations, customs, and practices

others performing work on or for the project have obtained all requisite licenses and permits. g.4.3 the contractor shall submit proper documentation and evidence satisfactory to the contracting officer of compliance with this clause.

contractor shall submit both the information and the guarantee or warranty to the government in sufficient time to permit the government to meet any time limit specified in the guarantee or warranty, but not later than completion and acceptance of all work under this contract.

(b) the contractor shall comply with the following far clauses, incorporated by reference, unless the circumstances do not apply: (1) the clauses listed below implement provisions of law or executive order:

the event of any default by the contractor, or if the contractor fails to comply with any contract terms and conditions, or fails to provide the government, upon request, with adequate assurances of future

performed under this contract resulting in death, traumatic injury, occupational disease, or damage to or theft of property, materials, supplies, or equipment. the contractor shall report this data in the manner

the work throughout its progress. d. the contractor shall provide personnel, material, equipment, and supervision to complete the technical requirements in this statement of work. the contractor shall be responsible for hiring

that of sub-contractors and suppliers, complies with the requirements of the contract. the oversight shall be adequate to cover all construction operations, including both on site and off site fabrication, and will

or safety of the public or government personnel, the co shall notify the contractor orally, with written confirmation, and request immediate initiation of corrective action. this notice, when delivered to the contractor or his/her representative at the work site, shall be deemed

project: half size basketball court (1) division/description (2)labor (3)materials (4)overhead (5)profit (6)total 1. general requirements 2. site work 3. excavation 4. concrete 5. reinforcement 6. final acrylic surface

b.2.1.8 the contractor shall provide adequate dust control upon excavation by watering the grounds as needed. basketball court main item: concrete floor slab: 16.80 meters wide, 15 meters long and 120mm thick reinforced concrete

acrylic surface with half-size court lines and coloring accessories: one 72” height adjustable basketball hoop optional: chain link fence: approximately 19.6 meters long and 3.65 meters high including metal supports

compaction, and leveling to install the concrete floor slab for the new basketball court as per the drawing a1. b.2.2.5 the contractor shall excavate to indicated elevations and dimensions within a tolerance of plus or minus 25mm.

b.2.3 concrete work b.2.3.1 the contractor shall provide the concrete floor slab for the new basketball court and the basketball hoops foundation as per the drawings. b.2.3.2 the new concrete floor slab and footing shall be reinforced with indicated 8mm and

of 1mm. b.2.4.4 the marking of the field will be done with acrylic-based paint, high-strength, suitable for outdoor surfaces. b.2.4.5 the contractor shall complete the install of the basketball hoop which will be

b.2.4.11 after work of other trades is complete, if there is any damage or deficiencies on the surface of the basketball court, the contractor shall touch up and restore all of them. b.2.5 chain-link fence installation (optional)

basketball court if any have occurred from the project. b.3 examination of the site the contractor acknowledges that he has satisfied himself as to the nature of materials and methods of the existing construction noted for repair or replacement, and to the obstacles likely to be encountered,

in the united states. (section 1605 of the recovery act applies.) foreign construction material means a construction material other than a domestic construction material. free trade agreement (fta) country construction material means a construction material that-

agreements, this clause implements- (i) section 1605 of the recovery act by requiring, unless an exception applies, that all manufactured construction material in the project is manufactured in the united states and, if

material mined or produced in the united states over unmanufactured construction material mined or produced in a nondesignated country. (2) the contractor shall use only domestic construction material, recovery act designated

country manufactured construction material, or designated country unmanufactured construction material in performing this contract, except as provided in paragraphs (b)(3) and (b)(4) of this clause. (3) the requirement in paragraph (b)(2) of this clause does not apply to the construction

paragraph (b)(4)(i) of this clause. (3) unless the government determines that an exception to section 1605 of the recovery act or the buy american statute applies, use of foreign construction material other than manufactured

construction material from a recovery act designated country or unmanufactured construction material from a designated country is noncompliant with the applicable statute. (d) data. to permit evaluation of requests under paragraph (c) of this clause based on unreasonable

to designated country unmanufactured construction material. consistent with u.s. obligations under international agreements, this clause implements- (i) section 1605 of the recovery act, by requiring, unless an exception applies, that

produced in a nondesignated country. (2) the contractor shall use only domestic construction material, recovery act designated country manufactured construction material, or designated country unmanufactured construction material,

or obtaining, or extending or renewing a contract to procure or obtain, any equipment, system, or service that uses covered telecommunications equipment or services as a substantial or essential component of

any system, or as critical technology as part of any system. the contractor is prohibited from providing to the government any equipment, system, or service that uses covered telecommunications equipment or

entering into a contract, or extending or renewing a contract, with an entity that uses any equipment, system, or service that uses covered telecommunications equipment or services as a substantial or

(2) telecommunications equipment that cannot route or redirect user data traffic or permit visibility into any user data or packets that such equipment transmits or otherwise handles.  (d) reporting requirement.

(1) in the event the contractor identifies covered telecommunications equipment or services used as a substantial or essential component of any system, or as critical technology as part of any system, during

contractor shall describe the efforts it undertook to prevent use or submission of covered  20 telecommunications equipment or services, and any additional efforts that will be incorporated to prevent

on proprietary technologies, formats, or services controlled by a specific contractor. this includes restrictions on access to models, training data, source code, documentation, or technical interfaces that

compliance standards, and risk management protocols. approval or disapproval by a designated representative to the contracting officer will be communicated prior to deployment. (h) maximize use of american-made ai. the vendor shall disclose whether the artificial intelligence

and video surveillance services or equipment (nov 2021) the offeror shall not complete the representation at paragraph (d)(1) of this provision if the offeror has represented that it "does not provide covered telecommunications equipment or services as a part of its

offered products or services to the government in the performance of any contract, subcontract, or other contractual instrument" in paragraph (c)(1) in the provision at 52.204-26, covered telecommunications

complete the representation in paragraph (d)(2) of this provision if the offeror has represented that it "does not use covered telecommunications equipment or services, or any equipment, system, or service

that uses covered telecommunications equipment or services" in paragraph (c)(2) of the provision at 52.204-26, or in paragraph (v)(2)(ii) of the provision at 52.212-3.  (a) definitions. as used in this provision—

or obtaining, or extending or renewing a contract to procure or obtain, any equipment, system, or service that uses covered telecommunications equipment or services as a substantial or essential component of

(ii) cover telecommunications equipment that cannot route or redirect user data traffic or cannot permit visibility into any user data or packets that such equipment transmits or otherwise handles.  (c) procedures. the offeror shall review the list of excluded parties in the system for award

(a) definitions. as used in this provision, “covered telecommunications equipment or services” and “reasonable inquiry” have the meaning provided in the clause 52.204-25, prohibition on contracting for