18 that follows this letter. your quotation must be submitted electronically by email with the subject line “quotation 19gr1026q0001 enclosed” to athensoffers@state.gov on or before 10:00 morning (athens time) on

december 29, 2025. no quotation will be accepted after the cut-off date and time. offerors are advised to check their inbox for the automated email acknowledgement confirming receipt of their submission. if

register immediately if they are interested in submitting a response to this requirement (required for quotations above $30,000 in value). embassy of the united states of america athens, greece the contract will be a firm fixed price contract, with no adjustment for any escalation in costs or prices of

questions must be written in english, and may be sent by 12.00 hours local time, on december 16, 2025. sincerely, dresden a. kalin contracting officer enclosure: as stated 1 authorized for local reproduction standard form 18 (rev. 6-95)

91 vas. sofias avenue 101 60 athens 6. deliver by (date) 5b. for information call: (name and telephone no.) (no collect calls 7. delivery fob destination other (see schedule) name – george dimitrokallis

email: athprocurement@state.gov telephone number area code number 8. to: 9. destination a. name b. company a. name of consignee american embassy athens c. street address b. street address 91 vas. sophias av, attn: gso

d. city e. state f. zip code c. city athens d. state e. zip code 10160 10. please furnish quotations to the issuing office in block 5a on or before close of business (date) – december 29, 2025, at 10.00 (athens local time)

all euros 12 discount for prompt payment a. 10 calen dar days % b. 20 calendar days % c. 30 calendar days % d. calendar days number % note: additional provisions and representations [x] are [ ] are not attached

athfmcvoucher@state.gov. electronic invoices shall be submitted to the designated billing office specified below. designated billing office. the designated billing office address is as follows: attention: financial management office

u.s. embassy athens purchase order number 19gr1026p- (to be provided upon award) 91, vas. sofias avenue, 10160 athens the fmo will log in receipt of the invoice and forward to the cor for approval. payment shall be made in local currency by electronic funds transfer (eft) within 30 calendar

workers and supervisors assigned to this project for the government to conduct all necessary security checks. it is anticipated that security checks will take four to five weeks to perform. for each individual,

the list shall include: full name place and date of birth current address identification number (individual application forms provided by the security office of the embassy) failure to provide any of the above information may be considered grounds for rejection and/or

resubmittal of the application. once the government has completed the security screening and approved the applicants a badge will be provided to the individual for access to the site. this badge may be revoked

telecommunications equipment produced by hytera communications corporation, hangzhou hikvision digital technology company, or dahua technology company (or any subsidiary or affiliate of such entities);

performed in the united states, district of columbia, puerto rico, the northern mariana islands, american samoa, guam, the u.s. virgin islands, johnston island, wake island, or the outer continental shelf).

acts of god or the public enemy, acts of the government in either its sovereign or contractual capacity, fires, floods, epidemics, quarantine restrictions, strikes, unusually severe weather, and delays of common

liberia, madagascar, malawi, mali, mauritania, mozambique, nepal, niger, rwanda, samoa, sao tome and principe, senegal, sierra leone, solomon islands, somalia, south sudan, tanzania, timor-leste, togo, tuvalu, uganda, vanuatu, yemen, or zambia); or

equatorial guinea, eritrea, ethiopia, gambia, guinea, guinea-bissau, haiti, kiribati, laos, lesotho, liberia, madagascar, malawi, mali, mauritania, mozambique, nepal, niger, rwanda, samoa, sao tome and principe, senegal, sierra leone, solomon islands, somalia, south sudan, tanzania, timor-leste,

not be acceptable. when it comes to line marking, do not allow even ± 1mm tolerance. b.2.4.10 after completing finish work, the contractor shall evaluate the surface roughness by using 3m straightedge. roughness of 6mm or more is not acceptable.

resistance. submittals b.2.5.16 product data, for each type and grade of metal used in fabricating units, and for bolts and accessory items used in assembly and installation. include manufacturer's product data for

the influence of wind. the windscreen shall be 3.6m high as per the drawing a3. b.2.6.9 the windscreen shall have the following characteristics and no dazzling. the standard recommends to apply bottle green color.

ventilation flow rate 75 % light transmittance 50 % 48 b.2.7 electrical work led lighting fixture (gf/ci) (optional) b.2.7.1 if approved, the contractor shall provide and replace the existing twelve (12)

lighting fixtures. b.2.7.2 each light fixture must meet the following requirements: - average of lumen: 52,000lm - efficiency: 130 lumen/watt - rated life: 50,000 hr - power consumption: less than 400watts

- color rendering index (cri): 80ra - color temperature: more than 5,000k - finish: power coating, interpon d: ml 342k, gray color - warranty: 10years b.2.7.3 the lighting system shall be above ip66 grade which is excellent for waterproof,

emails with less than 25mb each. the offeror shall include defense base act (dba) insurance premium costs covering employees. the offeror may obtain dba insurance directly from any department of labor approved providers at the

(1) be able to understand written and spoken english. (2) have an established business with a permanent address and telephone listing in greece or plans to establish an office within 30 days of contract award.

(b) a site visit has been scheduled for december 12, 2025, at 09:30 hours. (c) participants will meet at the entrance of the residence. (address to be provided upon request). 52 (d) the government will allow access to two (2) individuals to represent each company at the site

(4) consist of providing goods or services to an internationally recognized peacekeeping force or humanitarian organization; (5) consist of providing goods or services that are used only to promote health or education; or