)(i), (ii) or (iv) of this clause or when item unique identification is provided under paragraph (c)(1)(v), in addition to the information provided as part of the material inspection and receiving report specified elsewhere in this contract, the contractor shall report at the time of delivery, as pa
nce with paragraph (c)(1) of this clause, the contractor shall include this clause, including this paragraph (g), in the applicable subcontract(s), including subcontracts for commercial products or commercial services. wsstermdz03 preservation, packaging, packing and marking the contractor shall pre
f, the contractor guarantees that the preservation, packaging, packing and marking (ppp&m), and the preparation of, and method of shipment of such items will conform to the requirements of this contract. b. items that do not conform to the ppp&m requirements of this contract may have a supply discre
s and the purpose of this restriction. (c) the contractor agrees to insert in all subcontractors under this contract provision, which shall conform substantially to the language of this clause, including this paragraph (c). (11-92) part ii - contract clauses section i contract clauses 52.204-7 syste
of supplies furnished under this contract, or any condition of this contract concerning the conclusiveness thereof, the contractor warrants that for <one year from date of delivery> (contracting officer shall state specific period of time after delivery, or the specified event whose occurrence will
3) of shipment between the place of delivery specified in this contract and the contractor's plant, and return. (3) any supplies or parts thereof, corrected or furnished in replacement under this clause, shall also be subject to the terms of this clause to the same extent as supplies initially deliv
excluded from any obligation contained in this contract. (c) remedies available to the government. (1) the contracting officer shall give written notice to the contractor of any breach of warranties in paragraph (b)(1) of this clause within <one year from date of delivery> (contracting officer shal
.(3)(i) if the contract provides for inspection of supplies by sampling procedures, conformance of supplies or components subject to warranty action shall be determined by the applicable sampling procedures in the contract. the contracting officer-- (a) may, for sampling purposes, group any supplies
r any group of supplies. (b) screen the supplies grouped for warranty action under this clause at the contractor's expense and return all nonconforming supplies to the contractor for correction or replacement. (c) require the contractor to screen the supplies at locations designated by the governmen
t within the contiguous united states and to correct or replace all nonconforming supplies. (d) return the supplies grouped for warranty action under this clause to the contractor (irrespective of the f.o.b. point or the point of acceptance) for screening and correction or replacement. (4)(i) the co
stment of the contract price. in addition, if the contractor fails to furnish timely disposition instructions, the contracting officer may dispose of the nonconforming supplies for the contractor's account in a reasonable manner. the government is entitled to reimbursement from the contractor or fro
equest issued by the contracting officer under paragraph (c)(2) of this clause to correct or replace the defective or nonconforming supplies. in the event it is later determined that the supplies were not defective or nonconforming within the terms and conditions of this clause, the contract price w
paragraph (c)(2) of this clause shall be governed by the paragraph entitled "equitable adjustments under other clauses" in the incentive price revision clause of this contract. ( < > ) alternate v (apr 1984). if it is anticipated that recovery of the warranted item will involve considerable governme
6 and paragraph (a) of this clause. (c) subcontracts. the contractor shall include the terms of this clause, including this paragraph (c), in subcontracts awarded under this contract, including subcontracts for the acquisition of commercial products or commercial services. 252.246-7001 warranty of d
notwithstanding any provision of this contract concerning the conclusiveness of acceptance, the contractor warrants that all technical data delivered under this contract will at the time of delivery conform with the specifications and all other requirements of this contract. the warranty period sha
c) of this clause or if the government notifies the n00104-25-q-zc91 page 26 of 55 252.246-7001 (cont) warranty of data--basic (mar 2014) contractor of the breach in writing within the warranty period: (1) within a reasonable time after such notification, the contracting officer may- (i) by written
corrected by the government, inform the contractor by written notice that the government elects a price or fee adjustment instead of correction or replacement.(2) if the contractor refuses or fails to comply with a direction under paragraph (d)(1)(i) of this clause, the contracting officer may, with
in a reasonable time of the refusal or failure- (i) by contract or otherwise, correct or replace the nonconforming technical data and charge the cost to the contractor; or (ii) elect a price or fee adjustment instead of correction or replacement. (3) the remedies in this clause represent the only wa
aches of the warranty, whether the contractor notifies the contracting officer in accordance with paragraph (c) of this clause or if the government notifies the contractor of the breach in writing within the warranty period: (1) within a reasonable time after such notification, the contracting offic
can be more reasonably corrected by the government, inform the contractor by written notice that the government elects a price or fee adjustment instead of correction or replacement. (2) if the contractor refuses or fails to comply with a direction under paragraph (d)(1)(i) of this clause, the contr
es under paragraphs (d)(1) and (2) of this clause, the contractor shall be liable to the government for all damages to the government as a result of the breach of warranty. (i) the additional liability under paragraph (d)(3) of this clause shall not exceed 75 percent of the target profit.(ii) if the
the contractor notifies the contracting officer in accordance with paragraph (c) of this clause or if the government notifies the contractor of the breach in writing within the warranty period: (1) within a reasonable time after such notification, the contracting officer may- (i) by written notice,
ed by the government, inform the contractor by written notice that the government elects a price or fee adjustment instead of correction or replacement. (2) if the contractor refuses or fails to comply with a direction under paragraph (d)(1)(i) of this clause, the contracting officer may, within a r
(2) of this clause, the contractor shall be liable to the government for all damages to the government as a result of the breach of the warranty. (i) the additional liability under paragraph (d)(3) of this clause shall not exceed ten percent of the total contract price. (ii) if the breach of the war
the requirements; or (b) to defects the contractor discovers and gives written notice to the government before the government discovers the error. (e) the provisions of this clause apply anew to that portion of any corrected or replaced technical data furnished to the government under paragra ph (d
(3) prior to award of this contract, the contractor shall rerepresent its size and socioeconomic status according to paragraph (f) of this clause or, if applicable, paragraph (h) of this clause, for the naics code assigned to an order (except that paragraphs (c)(1) through (3) of this clause do not
(sam) and its other data in sam, as necessary, to ensure that they reflect the contractor's current status. the contractor shall notify the contracting officer in writing within the timeframes specified in paragraph (b) of this clause, or with its offer for an order (see paragraph (c) of this claus
e), that the data have been validated or updated, and provide the date of the validation or update. (g) if the contractor represented that it was other than a small business concern prior to award of this contract, the contract may, but is not required to, take the actions required by paragraphs (f)
e, along with the contract number and the date on which the rerepresentation was completed: (1) the contractor represents that it ( ) is, ( ) is not a small business concern under naics code _______________ assigned to contract number _________________________. (2) (complete only if the contractor r
e by the contractor to comply with paragraph (b) of this clause may subject the contractor to rescission of this contract, suspension, or debarment in accordance with 41 u.s.c. 2105(c). 252.225-7048 export controlled items (june 2013) 52.204-10 reporting executive compensation and first-tier subcont
ds to a value below the threshold specified in far 4.1403(a), on the date of subcontract award to avoid the reporting requirements in paragraph (d) of this clause. (f) the contractor is required to report information on a first-tier subcontract covered by paragraph (d) when the subcontract is awarde
t, or as a result of other applicable u.s. government statutory or regulatory requirements. (m) subcontracts. the contractor shall- (1) include this clause, including this paragraph (m), in subcontracts, or similar contractual instruments, for operationally critical support, or for which subcontract
modification, or overhaul. (5) when government property is in the possession of subcontractors, the contractor shall ensure that reporting is accomplished using the data elements required in paragraph (c) of this clause. n00104-25-q-zc91 page 38 of 55 252.245-7005 (cont) management and reporting of(c) unique item identifier. (1) the contractor shall provide a unique item identifier for the following: (i) delivered items for which the government's unit acquisition cost is $5,000 or more; except for the following line items: contract line, subline, or exhibit line item number item description
< > < > (ii) items for which the government's unit acquisition cost is less than $5,000 that are identified in the schedule or the following table: contract line, subline, or exhibit line item number item description < > < > < > < > (if items are identified in the schedule, insert "see schedule" in
rcial products any items valued at less than $10,000 per item that were purchased by the contractor for use in the performance of multiple contracts with the department of defense and other parties and are not identifiable to any particular contract when purchased. (2) the contractor shall ensure th
compensation, if the aggregate value of all such other compensation (e.g., severance, termination payments, value of life insurance paid on behalf of the employee, perquisites or property) for the executive exceeds $10,000. (b) section 2(d)(2) of the federal funding accountability and transparency
ancial assistance; and (b) $25,000,000 or more in annual gross revenues from federal contracts (and subcontracts), loans, (ii) the public does not have access to information about the compensation of the executives through periodic reports filed under section 13(a) or 15(d) of the securities exchang
ss revenues from federal contracts (and subcontracts), loans, grants (and subgrants), cooperative agreements, and other forms of federal financial assistance; and (b) $25,000,000 or more in annual gross revenues from federal contracts (and subcontracts), loans, grants (and subgrants), cooperative ag
r had gross income, from all sources, under $300,000, the n00104-25-q-zc91 page 32 of 55 52.204-10 (cont) reporting executive compensation and first-tier subcontract awards (jun 2020) contractor is exempt from the requirement to report subcontractor awards. (2) if a subcontractor in the previous tax
year had gross income from all sources under $300,000, the contractor does not need to report awards for that subcontractor. (h) the fsrs database at http://www.fsrs.gov will be prepopulated with some information from sam and the fpds database. if fpds information is incorrect, the contractor shoul
e act certificate. (basic, alternates i, ii, and iii.) this provision applies to solicitations containing the clause at 52.225-3. (a) if the acquisition value is less than $50,000, the basic provision applies. (b) if the acquisition value is $50,000 or more but is less than $100,000, the provision w
ith its alternate i applies.(c) if the acquisition value is $100,000 or more but is less than $102,280, the provision with its alternate ii applies. (d) if the acquisition value is $92,319 or more but is less than $100,000, the provision with its alternate iii applies. (xxii) 52.225-6, trade agreeme
level but only in connection with performance of a federal contract or grant. it does not include agency actions such as contract audits, site visits, corrective plans, or inspection of deliverables. "federal contracts and grants with total value greater than $10,000,000" means- (1) the total value
active federal contracts and grants with total value greater that $10,000,000. (c) if the offeror checked "has" in paragraph (b) of this provision, the offeror represents, by submission of thier offer, that the information it has entered in the federal awardee performance and integrity information