3. section l, representations and certifications, far provisions 52.204-24 and 52.204-26; 4. bar chart illustrating sequence of work to be performed; 5. additional information as required in section j, quotation information;

labor or materials. each quoter will be responsible for determining the amount of labor and materials that will be required to complete the project, and for pricing its quotation accordingly. the on-site construction completion time is forty-five (45) calendar days after receiving the notice to

number 2 table of contents a. pricing b. statement of work c. packaging and marking d. inspection and acceptance e. deliveries and performance f. contract administration data g. special terms and conditions

all materials required by this contract. in case of differences between small and large-scale drawings, the latter will govern. where a portion of the work is drawn in detail and the remainder of the work is indicated in outline, the parts drawn in detail

(a) "substantial completion" means the stage in the progress of the work as determined and certified by the contracting officer in writing to the contractor, on which the work (or a portion designated by the

(b) the "date of substantial completion" means the date determined by the contracting officer or authorized government representative as of which substantial completion of the work has been achieved. use and possession upon substantial completion - the government shall have the right to take

possession of and use the work upon substantial completion. upon notice by the contractor that the work is substantially complete (a request for substantial completion) and an inspection by the contracting

accompanied by a schedule of defects listing items of work remaining to be performed, completed, or corrected before final completion and acceptance. failure of the contracting officer to list any item of

work under the contract. d.2 final completion and acceptance d.2.1 "final completion and acceptance" means the stage in the progress of the work as determined by the contracting officer and confirmed in writing to the contractor, at which all work required under the

• a final inspection that all items by the contracting officer listed in the schedule of defects have been completed or corrected and that the work is finally complete (subject to the discovery of defects

after final completion), and • submittal by the contractor of all documents and other items required upon completion of the work, including a final request for payment (request for final acceptance). 8

(c) the contractor shall revise such schedules (1) to account for the actual progress of the work, (2) to reflect approved adjustments in the performance schedule, and (3) as required by the contracting officer to achieve coordination with work by the government and any separate contractors

used by the government. the contractor shall submit a schedule, which sequences work so as to minimize disruption at the job site. (d) all deliverables shall be in the english language and any system of dimensions (english

promptly and responsively in submitting its deliverables. the contractor shall identify each deliverable as required by the contract. (e) acceptance of schedule: when the government has accepted any time schedule; it shall

progress of the work and achieve final completion by the established completion date. notice of delay if the contractor receives a notice of any change in the work, or if any other conditions arise which are

performed under this contract. g.3.0 document descriptions g.3.1 supplemental documents: the contracting officer shall furnish from time to time such detailed drawings and other information as is considered necessary, in the opinion of the contracting

officer, to interpret, clarify, supplement, or correct inconsistencies, errors or omissions in the contract documents, or to describe minor changes in the work not involving an increase in the contract price or

provide for any claim for an increase in the contract price or an extension of contract time. g.3.1.1.record documents. the contractor shall maintain at the project site: (1) a current marked set of contract drawings and specifications indicating all interpretations and

clarification, contract modifications, change orders, or any other departure from the contract requirements approved by the contracting officer; and, (2) a complete set of record shop drawings, product data, samples and other submittals as

approved by the contracting officer. g.3.1.2 . "as-built" documents: after final completion of the work, but before final acceptance thereof, the contractor shall provide: (1) a complete set of "as-built" drawings, based upon the record set of drawings, marked to show

the details of construction as actually accomplished; and, (2) record shop drawings and other submittals, in the number and form as required by the specifications. g.4.0 laws and regulations - the contractor shall, without additional expense to the

government, be responsible for complying with all laws, codes, ordinances, and regulations applicable to the performance of the work, including those of the host country, and with the lawful orders of any

others performing work on or for the project have obtained all requisite licenses and permits. g.4.3 the contractor shall submit proper documentation and evidence satisfactory to the contracting officer of compliance with this clause.

on the project is deemed by the contracting officer to be contrary to the government's interests. g.5.1 if the contractor has knowledge that any actual or potential labor dispute is delaying or threatens

g.6.0 materials and equipment - all materials and equipment incorporated into the work shall be new and for the purpose intended, unless otherwise specified. all workmanship shall be of good quality and

or obtaining, or extending or renewing a contract to procure or obtain, any equipment, system, or service that uses covered telecommunications equipment or services as a substantial or essential component of

services as a substantial or essential component of any system, or as critical technology as part of any system, unless an exception at paragraph (c) of this clause applies or the covered telecommunication

(1) in the event the contractor identifies covered telecommunications equipment or services used as a substantial or essential component of any system, or as critical technology as part of any system, during

act, 2015 (pub. l. 113-235) and its successor provisions in subsequent appropriations acts (and as extended in continuing resolutions)). (ii) 52.204-23, prohibition on contracting for hardware, software, and services developed or provided

contractor or subcontractor for incorporation into the building or work. the term also includes an item brought to the site preassembled from articles, materials, or supplies. however, emergency lifes afety

systems, such as emergency lighting, fire alarm, and audio evacuation systems, that are discrete systems incorporated into a public building or work and that are produced as complete systems, are evaluated as a

unmanufactured construction material means raw material brought to the construction site for incorporation into the building or work that has not been- (1) processed into a specific form and shape; or

materials or components listed by the government as follows: [contracting officer to list applicable excepted materials or indicate "none".] (4) the contracting officer may add other construction material to the list in paragraph (b)(3) of

(c) quantity; (d) cost; (e) time of delivery or availability; (f) location of the construction project; (g) name and address of the proposed supplier; and (h) a detailed justification of the reason for use of foreign construction materials cited in

(iii) the cost of construction material shall include all delivery costs to the construction site and any applicable duty. (iv) any contractor request for a determination submitted after contract award shall explain

[list name, address, telephone number, and contact for suppliers surveyed. attach copy of response; if oral, attach summary.] [include other applicable supporting information.] [* include all delivery costs to the construction site.]

(4) earth-moving equipment and other large vehicles; (5) cranes and rigging; (6) welding or cutting and other hot work; (7) partial or total demolition of a structure; (8) temporary wiring, use of portable electric tools, or other recognized electrical hazards.

shall include fires, explosions, hazardous materials contamination, and other similar incidents that may threaten people, property, and equipment. (d) records. the contractor shall maintain an accurate record on all mishaps incident to work

the ahas shall define the activities being performed and identify the work sequences, the specific anticipated hazards, site conditions, equipment, materials, and the control measures to be implemented to

eliminate or reduce each hazard to an acceptable level of risk. work shall not begin until the aha for the work activity has been accepted by the cor and discussed with all engaged in the activity, including the

contractor, subcontractor(s), and government on-site representatives. (3) the names of the competent/qualified person(s) required for a particular activity (for example, excavations, scaffolding, fall protection, other activities as specified by em 385-1-1) shall be

provide the following disclosures in its offer: disclose the intended use of ai and provide a description of the ai system or capability and its purpose within the contract scope; specify whether the system was developed internally, acquired from a third

party, or is publicly/commercially available; indicate if the ai system will process pii or be used in ways that may affect privacy, civil rights, safety, or public interaction; detail the governance, oversight, and

on proprietary technologies, formats, or services controlled by a specific contractor. this includes restrictions on access to models, training data, source code, documentation, or technical interfaces that

requirements regarding knowledge transfer, clear data and model portability practices, clear licensing terms, and pricing transparency. this applies to all prime contractors and subcontractors performing ai-related work under this contract

include: i. an ai system malfunctions due to a bug or development flaw, creating a potential harm to an individual’s rights or safety, a potential harm to property, or a potential disruption to the management and

structure, or performance, that meaningfully alters the ai’s impact, rendering prior evaluations, training, or documentation misleading to users, overseers, or individuals affected by the system. this includes

present the issue to the contracting officer, whose decision on the matter will be final. (b) use of government data and ai outputs. the contractor shall ensure that its employees, subcontractors, affiliates, and agents do not use any nonpublic information, data, or content provided by

ai system or service under this contract that will create, collect, use, process, store, maintain, disseminate, disclose, or dispose of federal information containing personally identifiable information.

include but are not limited to the following: 1. applying the nist ai risk management framework; 2. supporting agency-led impact assessments; 3. ensuring transparency of system design, data lineage, and decision logic.

operational use cases as closely as possible. these datasets: • will remain confidential and will not be shared with the contractor; and • will be used solely for the purpose of evaluating system performance.

vendor shall disclose the foreign jurisdiction(s) involved and describe the nature and extent of such 35 development or maintenance activities. this disclosure shall be provided to ensure compliance with

the work throughout its progress. d. the contractor shall provide personnel, material, equipment, and supervision to complete the technical requirements in this statement of work. the contractor shall be responsible for hiring

project except with permission by the embassy. the contractor shall address the impact of the consequent disruption caused by the proposed work. g. the project drawings will be provided during the pre-quotation conference.

b.2 description of work b.2.1 temporary work and demolition work b.2.1.1 the contractor shall request and receive approval of any hot work (grinding/welding/soldering) from the cor before the work begins. the contractor will assign a

portions of the work will be commenced and completed within the required schedule. this bar chart shall be in sufficient detail to clearly show each segregable portion of work and its planned commencement and completion date.

(b) the business management/technical proposal shall be in two parts, including the following information: proposed work information - provide the following: (1) a list of the names addresses and telephone numbers of the owners, partners, and principal

officers of the offeror. (2) the name and address of the offeror's field superintendent for this project. (3) a list of the names, addresses, and telephone numbers of subcontractors and principal materials suppliers to be used on the project, indicating what portions of the work will be

performed by them; and, experience and past performance - list all contracts and subcontracts your company has held over the past three years for the same or similar work. provide the following information for each contract and

value. (4) brief description of the work, including responsibilities; and (5) any litigation currently in process or occurring within last 5 years. c. 52.236-27 site visit (construction) (feb 1995) (a) the clauses at 52.236-2, differing site conditions, and 52.236-3, site investigations and

conditions affecting the work, will be included in any contract awarded as a result of this solicitation. accordingly, offerors or quoters are urged and expected to inspect the site where the work will be performed.

(3) the small business size standard for a concern that submits an offer, other than on a construction or service acquisition, but proposes to furnish an end item that it did not itself manufacture, process, or

performance is specified by the government. (xii) 52.219-1, small business program representations (basic, alternates i, and ii). this provision applies to solicitations when the contract is for supplies to be delivered or services to be performed in

maintenance, calibration, or repair of certain equipment- certification. __ (v) 52.222-52, exemption from application of the service contract labor standards to contracts for certain services-certification.

or obtaining, or extending or renewing a contract to procure or obtain, any equipment, system, or service that uses covered telecommunications equipment or services as a substantial or essential component of

model number, such as oem number, manufacturer part number, or wholesaler number; and item description, as applicable); and (c) explanation of the proposed use of covered telecommunications equipment and any